All right, so we will be using Jupyter
notebooks in our class today at Jupyter.
To start it's if you're
just type jupyter notebook,
and dot,
which corresponds to your local folder.
It's where the Jupyter will be
running the notebooks from.
And Jupyter is the web server on one part,
right?
So as you can see, it started on my
local machine on the ports 8888 so
I can access it through the browser
by using localhost the rest.
It also means that I can run Jupyter
notebooks somewhere remotely on remote
machine.
And if the ports are open,
I can simply access this
Jupyter notebook server
on any remote machine.
But that's the one parts,
right, the frontend.
On the backend what's happening
is kinda interesting.
It's actually running Python
interpreter or several of them.
And whatever code I will be
running in the notebooks,
it will be transferred to
the Python interpreter and
it will be executed on that machine
where the Jupyter is running.
And if you, for instance,
want to bring something out,
it will be printed out back
to the Jupyter notebook.
So for instance to demonstrate, let's just
start with some linear regression, right?
That's the first example
I have in my notebooks.
So, as you can see, it basically
allows me to create this interactive
environment where I can
just plot different graphs.
Or I can even text, well,
put some text in mark down format.
So, for instance, if I say this is list or
something like that,
or for instance, 1, another, an.
[LAUGH] something like that.
It will actually format the list.
It's interesting, it's actually
supposed to put numbers here.
If we do something like this,
or second chapter,
Yeah, it automatically
will put it in numbers.
It's mark down format, but
it allows me to put some text
as well as just run commands.
So for instance, import tensorflow tf and
print(tf.__version__) will just import
the TensorFlow into my environment.
So it will be executed by the interpreter,
and it will just preserve the state so
I can run this command cells sequentially
or in any order I prefer, right?
And to execute them you just select the
cell and press Ctrl+Enter or Shift+ Enter.
If you press Shift+Enter,
it will execute the current cell and
we'll jump to the next one.
So as you can see, we just imported
TensorFlow to our environment and
we running TensorFlow 2.0, which been
released just well, September 2019, right?
So right now [LAUGH]
it's about a month ago.
All right, so that's the environment
which we'll be using.
And if you want to use JavaScript,
I'm not gonna be using JavaScript, but
you can try to simply clon this
repository from tfjs-examples and
use the provided examples
from that repository.
All right, so let's go back, you have.
So I've explained that we're
gonna be using Whiteboards,
Notebooks for the dependencies.
So, for instance, I just demonstrated
that I can import TensorFlow.
To install TensorFlow on your machine,
there are several ways how you can do it.
You can just use pip
install in the terminal.
So, for instance, if I have terminal open,
I can do something like
pip install tensorflow.
And right now, it will just say that
I already have TensorFlow installed.
Or maybe it will even update it.
No, it shouldn't.
It should not.
Yeah,
I just basically check all
the dependencies because TensorFlow, for
instance, have NumPy dependency.
NumPy, by the way,
it's numerical Python package.
We'll be talking a little bit about it
in a few minutes and other dependencies.
And it will simply download it and
install it on your machine.
If you're using Conda package management,
you should do those with Conda.
So Conda install and then the package.
You can also do through the terminal,
sorry,
through the Jupyter notebook itself.
So, for instance, let's just create
new cell, Insert > Insert Cell Above.
You can run a terminal commands in the
Jupyter environment itself if you just put
exclamation mark in front of it.
So, for instance,
!pip install tensorflow.
We'll execute these commands
in your Jupyter server.
So, if I once again
gonna press Ctrl+Enter,
you'll see that it's actually
doing exactly the same thing.
It's just checking all the dependencies
and if the package is not installed,
it will be installed and
you can use it in your code.
So if, for instance,
during executing any of my Jupyter
notebooks you will see that import
fails because of missing library,
just do pip install and
down correspond the library.